fix(curriculum): updated the optional chaining questions (#63971)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/lecture-working-with-optional-chaining-and-object-destructuring/6732b76c03f7d825c7fc74ee.md

## --text--

> What does the optional chaining operator (?.) do in JavaScript?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What does the optional chaining operator (`?.`) do in JavaScript?
```

## --answers--

It assigns a default value when a property is missing.

### --feedback--

The optional chaining operator only prevents errors when a value is `null` or `undefined`.

---

It prevents `undefined` values from appearing in objects.

### --feedback--

The optional chaining operator only prevents errors when a value is `null` or `undefined`.

---

It safely accesses nested properties and returns `undefined` instead of throwing an error if a value is missing.

---

> It forces JavaScript to evaluate missing properties even if they don’t exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It forces JavaScript to evaluate missing properties even if they don't exist.
```
